ON-11659 # Added storageType to compliance form element (#166)
oneblink/sdk-js: docs/form-elements/draw.md

Allow the user to draw a sketch (usually used to submit signatures).

| Property      | Required | Type      | Default  | Description                                                                                 |
| ------------- | -------- | --------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `type`        | Yes      | `string`  | `'draw'` | The type of Form Element.                                                                   |
| `name`        | Yes      | `string`  |          | The key that will be assigned a value in the submission data when the form is submitted.    |
| `label`       | Yes      | `string`  |          | Display text presented to the user above the input by default.                              |
| `hint`        | No       | `string`  |          | A hint triggered by an icon tooltip to be displayed when hovering beside the element label. |
| `required`    | Yes      | `boolean` | `false`  | Determine if this input requires a value drawn by the user (`true`) or not (`false`).       |

> | `storageType` | no       | `boolean` | `false`  | How the drawing will be stored: `private`, `public`, `legacy`                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `storageType` | no       | `string` |   | How the drawing will be stored: `private`, `public`, `legacy`                               |
```
